Fix footnote ordering for non-jstyle style types (#16368)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - We fixed an issue where CSL footnote ordering is broken. [#12484](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/12484)

Reviewer: To be a bit more descriptive (usually I prefer concise bbut it wasn't relaying the picture to the user fully)
```suggestion
- We fixed an issue with the LibreOffice integration where the ordering for numeric CSL styles in footnotes was broken. [#12484](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/12484)
```
